[#36] Update README.md version 0.2.0 (#34)
nimblehq/survey-api-sdk-android: README.md

# Survey Api Sdk Android

[![](https://jitpack.io/v/nimblehq/survey-api-sdk-android.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#nimblehq/survey-api-sdk-android)

An Android SDK that support the interactions with our Survey-API, allowing the users to get all surveys `/surveys` or get a survey by id `/surveys/{id}`.

> The SDK is also able to to handle all requests for an API without redefine HTTP framework (like `Retrofit`, `OkHttp`,ect...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK is also able to handle all requests for an API without redefining Networking stuff (like `Retrofit`, `OkHttp`, etc).
```

## Installatation

Step 1. Add the JitPack repository to your build file

> ````

Reviewer 2: I'm curious why do we use 4 ```` for code block, normally we use 3 ```, right?

Author: @luongvo Ah yes, 3 is enough.

> 
> allprojects {
>     repositories {
>         ...
>         maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
>     }
> }
> 

Reviewer 2: we don't need to have line break before and after code block
```suggestion
allprojects {
    repositories {
        ...
        maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
    }
}
```

````

Step 2. Add the dependency

````

dependencies {
    implementation 'com.github.nimblehq:survey-api-sdk-android:[LATEST_VERSION]'
}

````

## Usage

> - Setup the SDK inside `onCreate` function of the `Application` layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setup the SDK inside `onCreate` function of the `Application` class
```

````

SurveyApi.instance
            .withMode(BuildConfig.DEBUG) // If debug, it will have log on http request (Optional)
            .withBaseUrl(BuildConfig.BASE_URL) // Base url to call the request
            .withCredentials(// Setup credentials information
                Credentials(
                    clientID = BuildConfig.CLIENT_ID,
                    clientSecret = BuildConfig.CLIENT_SECRET
                )
            )
            
 ````

- Update token to SDK after having it (by Athentication step, for example)

````

with(SurveyApi.instance) {
      setTokenKey(login.tokenKey)
      setTokenType(login.tokenType)
}

````

- Call request for getting SurveyList / SurveyDetail (The SDK already perform on background, it will return the data callback on UI thread)

````

SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyList(page = 1, size = 10, onResponse = {
            // Handle it as the result
        })
        
````

````

> SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyDetail(surveyId = id, onResponse = {
>             // Handle it as the result
>         })

Reviewer 2: please align the code correctly, all above and below too 🙏 
```suggestion
SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyDetail(surveyId = id, onResponse = {
    // Handle it as the result
})
```

        
````
        

>  - If you want to use your own API, just call:
> 
> ````
> 
> val authService = SurveyApi.instance.buildService<AuthService>()
> 
> ````

Reviewer 2: [This convention](https://nimblehq.co/compass/intro/contribute/#markdown) is being used for compass contribution, and it could be applied for all markdown documents in our development process too. It says we should `Use correct indent for list...`
```suggestion
 - If you want to use your own API, just call:

    ````
    val authService = SurveyApi.instance.buildService<AuthService>()
    ````
```

>  - Or you need to use `json-api` Entity on your own API : work with `Setup` step, add your own :

Reviewer: The description here really confused the reader at the firs time

```suggestion
 - Or you need to use your own `json-api` Entity on your API, add your entity classes at the `Setup` step:
```

  
````

 SurveyApi.instance

>   .addJsonApiClasses(TokenEntity::class.java, ExampleEntity::class.java, ect...)

Reviewer: - `etc` not `ect`
- Actually, we don't use `...` after `etc`
- To increase readability, we should break Entity into a single lines.

```
.addJsonApiClasses(
    TokenEntity::class.java,
    ExampleEntity::class.java,
    etc.)
```

    ```
    allprojects {
        repositories {
            ...
            maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
        }
    }
    ```

Step 2. Add the dependency

    ```
    dependencies {
        implementation 'com.github.nimblehq:survey-api-sdk-android:[LATEST_VERSION]'
    }
    ```

## Usage

- Setup the SDK inside `onCreate` function of the `Application` layer

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance
                .withMode(BuildConfig.DEBUG) // If debug, it will have log on http request (Optional)
                .withBaseUrl(BuildConfig.BASE_URL) // Base url to call the request
                .withCredentials(// Setup credentials information
                    Credentials(
                        clientID = BuildConfig.CLIENT_ID,
                        clientSecret = BuildConfig.CLIENT_SECRET
                    )
                )        
     ```

- Update token to SDK after having it (by Athentication step, for example)

    ```
    with(SurveyApi.instance) {
          setTokenKey(login.tokenKey)
          setTokenType(login.tokenType)
    }
    ```

- Call request for getting SurveyList / SurveyDetail (The SDK already perform on background, it will

>   return the data callback on UI thread)

Reviewer: Weird break line 🧑‍🚀

Author: @hoangnguyen92dn  Which one please?

Reviewer: Oh... It showing wrong on the code changes. You could skip it 😄 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6950766/135052386-4afc79dc-41b1-4510-aea0-6e7f7361f0f9.png)

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyList(page = 1, size = 10, onResponse = {
                // Handle it as the result
                
    })     
    ```

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyDetail(surveyId = id, onResponse = {
                // Handle it as the result
                
    })      
    ```

- If you want to use your own API, just call:

   ```
   val authService = SurveyApi.instance.buildService<AuthService>()
   ```

> - Or you need to use `json-api` Entity on your own API : work with `Setup` step, add your own :

Reviewer: The description is so confused imo.

```suggestion
- Or you need to use your own `json-api` Entity on API, add entity classes at the `Setup` step:
```

   ```
    SurveyApi.instance

>      .addJsonApiClasses(TokenEntity::class.java, ExampleEntity::class.java, ect...)

Reviewer: - `etc` not `ect`
- Actually, we don't have `...` after `etc`. It should be `etc.`
- To increase the readability, we should break the `class` into single lines

```suggestion
     .addJsonApiClasses(
         TokenEntity::class.java,
         ExampleEntity::class.java,
         etc.)
```

   ```

## Note

> - The `Result` from callback contain the `Success` or `Error`

Reviewer: 🤔  The Result doesn't contain Success or Error imo. Success or Error is the kind of Result.

Author: @hoangnguyen92dn Okay, the Result should be Success or Error, not contain.

# Survey Api Sdk Android

[![](https://jitpack.io/v/nimblehq/survey-api-sdk-android.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#nimblehq/survey-api-sdk-android)

> An Android SDK that support the interactions with our Survey-API, allowing the users to get all

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An Android SDK that supports the interactions with our [Survey-API](https://github.com/nimblehq/nimble-survey-web), allowing the users to get all
```

                        clientSecret = BuildConfig.CLIENT_SECRET
                    )
                )        
     ```

- Update token to SDK after having it (by Athentication step, for example)

    ```
    with(SurveyApi.instance) {
          setTokenKey(login.tokenKey)
          setTokenType(login.tokenType)
    }
    ```

- Call request for getting SurveyList / SurveyDetail (The SDK already perform on background, it will
  return the data callback on UI thread)

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyList(page = 1, size = 10, onResponse = {
                // Handle it as the result
                
    })     
    ```

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyDetail(surveyId = id, onResponse = {
                // Handle it as the result
                
    })      
    ```

- If you want to use your own API, just call:

   ```
   val authService = SurveyApi.instance.buildService<AuthService>()
   ```

- Or you need to use your own `json-api` Entity on API, add entity classes at the `Setup` step :

   ```
    SurveyApi.instance
     .addJsonApiClasses(
        TokenEntity::class.java, 
        ExampleEntity::class.java,
        etc.)
   ```

## Note

> - The `Result` from callback should the `Success` or `Error`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Result` from callback should be `Success` or `Error`
```

Reviewer 2: @doannimble you have not resolve this yet

Author: @luongvo Updated

requests for an API without redefining Networking stuff (like `Retrofit`, `OkHttp`, etc).

## Installation

Step 1. Add the JitPack repository to your build file

    ```
    allprojects {
        repositories {
            ...
            maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
        }
    }
    ```

Step 2. Add the dependency

    ```
    dependencies {
        implementation 'com.github.nimblehq:survey-api-sdk-android:[LATEST_VERSION]'
    }
    ```

## Usage

- Setup the SDK inside `onCreate` function of the `Application` class

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance
                .withMode(BuildConfig.DEBUG) // If debug, it will have log on http request (Optional)
                .withBaseUrl(BuildConfig.BASE_URL) // Base url to call the request
                .withCredentials(// Setup credentials information
                    Credentials(
                        clientID = BuildConfig.CLIENT_ID,
                        clientSecret = BuildConfig.CLIENT_SECRET
                    )
                )        
     ```

- Update token to SDK after having it (by Athentication step, for example)

    ```
    with(SurveyApi.instance) {

>           setTokenKey(login.tokenKey)

Reviewer 3: we may need to update this function a bit; in English, a `token` is similar to a `key`, so `tokenKey` is a very vague term; we shall call this as `AccessToken - setAccessToken` as the common way.

Author: @sleepylee Agree, I do the refactor and update the name of this function too.

          setTokenType(login.tokenType)
    }
    ```

- Call request for getting SurveyList / SurveyDetail (The SDK already perform on background, it will
  return the data callback on UI thread)

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyList(page = 1, size = 10, onResponse = {
                // Handle it as the result
                
    })     
    ```

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyDetail(surveyId = id, onResponse = {
                // Handle it as the result
                
    })      

>     ```

Reviewer 3: better separate 2 examples into 2 different paragraph + introduction:

```suggestion
- To get a list of surveys, use `getSurveyList` with the corresponding pagination parameters

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyList(page = 1, size = 10, onResponse = {
                // Handle it as the `Result.Success` or `Result.Error`
                
    })     
    ```

- To get a survey detail, use `getSurveyDetail` with the corresponding survey id

    ```
    SurveyApi.instance.getSurveyDetail(surveyId = id, onResponse = {
                // Handle it as the `Result.Success` or `Result.Error`
                
    })      
    ```
```

> - If you want to use your own API, just call:

Reviewer 3: I'm not quite sure what to use this for in this SDK based on your sentence here with the example below of an `authService` instance 🤔

   ```
   val authService = SurveyApi.instance.buildService<AuthService>()
   ```

> - Or you need to use your own `json-api` Entity on API, add entity classes at the `Setup` step :

Reviewer 3: same as here, perhaps you can remove these extra features from this README for now

Author: @sleepylee Okay, let me remove these extra features.

   ```
    SurveyApi.instance
     .addJsonApiClasses(
        TokenEntity::class.java, 
        ExampleEntity::class.java,
        etc.)
   ```

## Note

- The `Result` from callback should be `Success` or `Error`

> - In case of `Error`, there will be an Throwable inside

Reviewer 3: I think this is odd, a developer should be able to read from your example codes above for the `Result`, suggesting to remove

Author: @sleepylee Okay, let me remove them.
